CASMINST-6063 / CASMINST-6070 / CASMINST-6077 (#3447)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/iuf/IUF.md

- If the `iuf run` subcommand ends unexpectedly before the Argo workflow it created completes, there is no CLI option to reconnect to the Argo workflow and continue displaying status. It is recommended the administrator
  monitors progress via the Argo workflow UI and/or IUF log files in this scenario.
- It is currently not possible to add or remove product distribution files to an in progress IUF session without first re-executing the `process-media` stage and then re-executing any other stages required for that product. See
  [Recovering from failures](#recovering-from-failures) for details.

## Initial install and upgrade workflows

There are two separate workflows that utilize IUF when installing or upgrading non-CSM product content on a Cray EX system.

1. The IUF [Initial Install](workflows/initial_install.md) workflow is used in either of the following scenarios:
   - An initial install of the system is being performed, including CSM and non-CSM products
   - An initial install or upgrade is being performed **with non-CSM product content only**. In this scenario, the first step ("Perform an install of CSM") is skipped and all other steps are performed.

> 1. The IUF [Upgrade](workflows/upgrade.md) workflow is used when an upgrade is being performed **with CSM and non-CSM product content**

Author: No, then you would follow the ```initial install``` workflow.  I will add another sub-bullet to the previous line to try to make that more clear.  I'll admit the names for these workflows aren't the best...I'm open to ideas.

> 1. The IUF [Upgrade](workflows/upgrade.md) workflow is used when an upgrade is being performed **with CSM and non-CSM product content**

Reviewer: Oh, yeah, I think that's conveyed by line 74 above already.

## Initial install and upgrade workflows

There are two separate workflows that utilize IUF when installing or upgrading non-CSM product content on a Cray EX system.

1. The IUF [Initial Install](workflows/initial_install.md) workflow is used in either of the following scenarios:
   - An initial install of the system is being performed, including CSM and non-CSM products

>    - An initial install or upgrade is being performed **with non-CSM product content only**. In this scenario, the first step ("Perform an install of CSM") is skipped and all other steps are performed.

Author: Well, some of the other steps involve CSM content as well, for example there is CSM CFS configuration layers that get build into images and/or applied to nodes post-boot, the management-node-rollout stage is 99% about getting new CSM software running, etc.  So I would prefer to not add this additional text here.  Let me know if you want to discuss it further @sfkramer

>    - An initial install or upgrade is being performed **with non-CSM product content only**. In this scenario, the first step ("Perform an install of CSM") is skipped and all other steps are performed.

Reviewer 2: Ok, I just wasn't sure why you were saying, "with non-CSM product content only" vs "non-CSM products" or "with all products, except CSM".

> 1. The IUF [Upgrade](workflows/upgrade.md) workflow is used when an upgrade is being performed **with CSM and non-CSM product content**

Author: Fixed in next commit.

These [examples](examples/iuf_activity.md) highlight common use cases of `iuf activity`.

#### `list-activities`

> The `list-activities` subcommand displays all activities present on the system, i.e. present in Argo.

Author: Fixed in next commit.

  argument is specified, which forces all Argo steps to be re-executed, regardless of whether they succeeded or failed during the previous invocation of `iuf run`.
- [`iuf run`](#run) can be used to re-execute stages of an IUF session with new `iuf` arguments. If no changes were made to the product distribution files in the media directory, `iuf run` will re-execute any Argo steps that failed
  during the previous invocation of `iuf run`. Any Argo steps that previously executed successfully will be skipped if possible. If the `-f` argument is specified, all Argo steps will be re-executed, regardless of whether they
  succeeded or failed during the previous invocation of `iuf run`.

### Addressing the issue by removing a product

If the administrator wants to remove a product from the IUF session, they must re-execute `iuf run` for the `process-media` stage with the product distribution file and uncompressed content removed from the media directory. This
removes references to that product from the existing IUF activity.

> If any previously executed stages performed operations with that product, re-execute them to remove artifacts or metadata related to the product, e.g. to remove CFS configuration layers and rebuild images without that product

Author: ```suggestion
If any previously executed stages performed operations with the removed product, re-execute them. It may be necessary to perform manual operations as well, e.g. modifying the `sat bootprep` input files used to create images in order to remove references to the product.
```

> If any previously executed stages performed operations with that product, re-execute them to remove artifacts or metadata related to the product, e.g. to remove CFS configuration layers and rebuild images without that product

Author: @haasken-hpe what do you think of this wording now?

> If any previously executed stages performed operations with that product, re-execute them to remove artifacts or metadata related to the product, e.g. to remove CFS configuration layers and rebuild images without that product

Reviewer: Yeah, I think that's more accurate, @deantroe.

> If any previously executed stages performed operations with that product, re-execute them to remove artifacts or metadata related to the product, e.g. to remove CFS configuration layers and rebuild images without that product

Author: Fixed in next commit.
